#Quotes file, one per line please.
(...) Now we see everything is going wrong, With the world and those who lead it, We just feel like we don't have the means, To rise above and beat it. (John Mayer - Waiting on the world to change)
(...) People talking without speaking, People hearing without listening, People writing songs that voices never shared. And no one dared disturb the sound of silence. (Simon and Garfunkel - The Sound of Silence)
Scuse me please, one more drink, Could you make it strong, Cause I don't need to think, She broke my heart, My Grace is gone, Another drink and I'll move on. (Dave Matthews Band - Grace is gone)
'Relax' said the night man, We are programmed to receive, You can checkout any time you like, But you can never leave. (Eagles - Hotel California)
(...) And as I put my words away, The flow slows, See this penny in the stream, Pickin' it up is easy. (K T Tunstall - Someday Soon)
How many roads must a man walk down, Before you call him a man? How many seas must a white dove sail, Before she sleeps in the sand? (Bob Dylan - Blowin' In The Wind)
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet. (Bob Marley)
Words are flowing out like endless rain into a paper cup, they slither wildly as they slip away across the universe. (The Beatles - Across The Universe)
I have my books and my poetry to protect me; I am shielded in my armor, hiding in my room, safe within my womb. I touch no one and no one touches me. (Simon and Garfunkel - I am a rock)
Just a perfect day, problems all left alone. Weekenders on our own, it's such fun. (Lou Reed - Perfect Day)
This is the end, hold your breath and count to ten. Feel the earth move and then hear my heart burst again. (Adele - Skyfall)
I heard there was a secret chord that David played and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you? (Jeff Buckley - Hallelujah)
Closing time, every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end (Semisonic - Closing Time)
(...) Now it's the same room but everything's different, you can fight the sleep but not the dream (Crowded House - Weather With You)
We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl, year after year (Pink Floyd - Wish You Were Here)
You'll remember me when the west wind moves upon the fields of barley (Sting - Fields Of Gold)
He deals the cards to find the answer, the sacred geometry of chance. The hidden law of probable outcome, the numbers lead a dance (Sting - Shape Of My Heart)
So you better listen up, you better listen close: I don't think so (Priscilla Ahn - I Don't Think So)
A song for someone who needs somewhere to long for. Homesick. Because I no longer know where home is. (Kings Of Convenience - Homesick)
It's something unpredictable but in the end it's right. I hope you've had the time of your life. (Green Day - Time Of Your Life)
Through my sleepless days I've found that in my dreamless sleep I'm bound to one night, hear the sound of your calling; do not stumble through tonight, have no fear of falling (I Am Kloot - No Fear Of Falling)
Sometimes I need some time all alone, everybody needs some time on their own (Guns'N'Roses - November Rain)
What it all comes down to is that I haven't got it all figured out just yet, 'cause I've got one hand in my pocket and the other one is giving a peace sign. (Alanis Morissette - Hand in my pocket)
(You) Only hate the road when you’re missing home (Passenger - Let Her Go)
God only knows, God makes his plan, the information's unavailable to the mortal man. We're workin' our jobs, collect our pay, believe we're gliding down the highway, when in fact we're slip sliding away. (Simon And Garfunkel – Slip Sliding Away)
You appear even tempered though your looks will deceive and the sparks are always flying cause you drink for relief; with the heart of a child and the wit of a fool, it’s a wonder why I don’t try to build a wall around you, when I watch as your head turns full circle. (Half Mon Run - Full Circle)